Your so-called authority
In my opinion, it doesn't matter
Xiao Qiao's school died
Here you are.
That's impossible.
Don't hurt me. What's impossible?
You are so self-righteous
I killed you like cutting the lawn and slaughtering a chicken
Haha I think I'm right
I'll tell you what.
What if you don't
I am the hand of the Temple of the Gods Alliance
Behind it is the Temple of the Gods
Powerless
Fight me with what?
Ok
But I can raise my hand now
You think I came alone
I have already summoned the entire Temple of the Gods
Like the grandmasters gather
There is more than one land fairy
Set off fireworks to gather the masters
Yo, this guy is still looking for help
I heard it's all company
Die today
The monarch issues a divine decree
Summon the masters of the world
Such a rare opportunity
I was actually fucked by a sword girl like you
Damn you!